uSetSingleComponent 2
!alteropt
uSaveSolve data/solve4.dat
uSetSingleComponent 3
!alteropt
uSaveSolve data/solve4.dat
uSetSingleComponent 4
!alteropt
uSaveSolve data/solve4.dat
uSetSingleComponent 5
!alteropt
uSaveSolve data/solve4.dat
uSetSingleComponent 6
!alteropt
uSaveSolve data/solve4.dat
uSetSingleComponent 7
!alteropt
uSaveSolve data/solve4.dat
uSetSingleComponent 8
!alteropt
uSaveSolve data/solve4.dat
uSetSingleComponent 9
!alteropt
uSaveSolve data/solve4.dat
uSetSingleComponent 10
!alteropt
uSaveSolve data/solve4.dat
uSetSingleComponent 11
!alteropt
uSaveSolve data/solve4.dat
uSetSingleComponent 12
!alteropt
uSaveSolve data/solve4.dat
uSetSingleComponent 13
!alteropt
uSaveSolve data/solve4.dat
uSetSingleComponent 14
!alteropt
uSaveSolve data/solve4.dat
uSetSingleComponent 15
!alteropt
uSaveSolve data/solve4.dat
uSetSingleComponent 16
!alteropt
uSaveSolve data/solve4.dat
uSetSingleComponent 17
!alteropt
uSaveSolve data/solve4.dat
uSetSingleComponent 18
!alteropt
uSetSingleComponent 19
!alteropt
uSaveSolve data/solve4.dat
