//uRenormalizeX
//uStartSolver dpbq 100
//uAutoWeight

uStartSolver dp 10
uStartSolver bq 10
uStartSolver x 10
uRenormalizeX
uStartSolver dbqwp 10
uSaveSolve data/solve-md4.dat
uSaveWeights data/weights-md4.dat

uStartSolver dp 10
uStartSolver bq 10
uStartSolver x 10
uRenormalizeX
uStartSolver dbqwp 10
uSaveSolve data/solve-md4.dat
uSaveWeights data/weights-md4.dat

uStartSolver dp 10
uStartSolver bq 10
uStartSolver x 10
uRenormalizeX
uStartSolver dbqwp 10
uSaveSolve data/solve-md4.dat
uSaveWeights data/weights-md4.dat

uStartSolver dp 10
uStartSolver bq 10
uStartSolver x 10
uRenormalizeX
uStartSolver dbqwp 10
uSaveSolve data/solve-md4.dat
uSaveWeights data/weights-md4.dat

uStartSolver dp 20
uStartSolver bq 20
uStartSolver x 20
uRenormalizeX
uStartSolver dbqwp 20
uSaveSolve data/solve-md4.dat
uSaveWeights data/weights-md4.dat

uStartSolver dp 20
uStartSolver bq 20
uStartSolver x 20
uRenormalizeX
uStartSolver dbqwp 20
uSaveSolve data/solve-md4.dat
uSaveWeights data/weights-md4.dat

uStartSolver dp 20
uStartSolver bq 20
uStartSolver x 20
uRenormalizeX
uStartSolver dbqwp 20
uSaveSolve data/solve-md4.dat
uSaveWeights data/weights-md4.dat

uStartSolver dp 20
uStartSolver bq 20
uStartSolver x 20
uRenormalizeX
uStartSolver dbqwp 20
uSaveSolve data/solve-md4.dat
uSaveWeights data/weights-md4.dat

uStartSolver dp 50
uStartSolver bq 50
uStartSolver x 50
uRenormalizeX
uStartSolver dbqwp 50
uSaveSolve data/solve-md4.dat
uSaveWeights data/weights-md4.dat

uStartSolver dp 50
uStartSolver bq 50
uStartSolver x 50
uRenormalizeX
uStartSolver dbqwp 50
uSaveSolve data/solve-md4.dat
uSaveWeights data/weights-md4.dat

uStartSolver dp 50
uStartSolver bq 10
uStartSolver x 10
uRenormalizeX
uStartSolver dbqwp 20
uSaveSolve data/solve-md4.dat
uSaveWeights data/weights-md4.dat

!foo2
